Document more "xpack.data_enhanced.search.sessions.*" settings (#96542)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/search-sessions-settings.asciidoc

a| `xpack.data_enhanced.`
`search.sessions.trackingInterval`
| The frequency for updating the state of a search session. The default is `10s`.

a| `xpack.data_enhanced.`
`search.sessions.pageSize`

> | How many search sessions {kib} processs at once while monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| How many search sessions {kib} processses at once while monitoring
```

session progress. The default is `100`.

a| `xpack.data_enhanced.`
`search.sessions.notTouchedTimeout`
| How long {kib} stores search results from unsaved sessions,

> after the last search in the session has completed. The default is `5m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the last search in the session completes. The default is `5m`.
```
